1. What is Validation in Client Side Programming? 
Client-side validation is visible to the user. It involves having validation on input forms through JavaScript.
For example, if the input is submitted for a phone number or email, a JavaScript validator would provide an error if anything is 
submitted that does not conform to a phone number or email.

2. What are the advantages of performing Validations?
It stops the user from entering data that may be incorrect. It also reduces the chance of wrong data being entered by mistake.
Advantages :
Consistent through output
Reduction in rejections and reworks
Reduction in utility cost
Avoidance of capital expenditures
Increased efficiency

3. What is querystring in webpages?
A query string is the portion of a URL where data is passed to a web application and/or back-end database.
It is a group of keywords that send request to the web server. These requests are used to pass information 
(parameters) from one page to another and you can access those information in receiving page.

4. What is <input type="hidden"  />  ? Why do we use?
A hidden field lets web developers include data that cannot be seen or modified by users when a form is submitted.
While the value is not displayed to the user in the page's content, it is visible using any browser's 
developer tools or "View Source" functionality. Basically hidden fields will be more useful and advantages to use with multi step form.
We can use hidden fields to pass one step information to next step using hidden and keep it forwarding till the end step.

5. Diff. between  <input type="submit"/> and <button></button>?
Buttons created with the <Button> element function just like buttons created with the INPUT element. 
But they offer richer rendering possibilities: the BUTTON element may have content. For example, a Button element that contains an
image functions like Input element whose type is set to “image”, but the Button element type allows content.

A 'submit' input type has the default functionality of submitting the form it's placed in.